Modify rule S5147[JS/TS]: Change text to the education framework format (APPSEC-233) (#1384)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5147/common/fix/code-rationale.adoc

> The following code is vulnerable to a NoSQL injection because the database query is constructed using untrusted JavaScript objects that are serialized from user inputs.

Reviewer: I would probably use build in place of construct, which seems clearer to me.
I don't think *serialized* is the right word to use here. Unserialize seems more relevant. Maybe something more generic like "extracted" "obtained" or "retrieved".

I would also add a small explanation about the input typing, that induces the issue.

```suggestion
The following code is vulnerable to a NoSQL injection because the database query is built using untrusted JavaScript objects that are extracted from user inputs.

Here the application assumes the user-submitted parameters are always strings, while they might contain more complex structures. An array or dictionary input might tamper with the expected query behavior.
```

Author: You are right, serialized is not the right word in this context.
